Social plugins : Facebook/Twitter/Youtube
Phone No: 056526307
E-mail:fcichitwan@gmail.com
E-mail Login:
Search()
FONET STATIONARY CENTER  
Today Writes' for Tomorrow 
PHOTO SLIDE
MARQUEE NOTICE~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Home
About us
Service (Design/Print/Copy)
THESIS TYPING
BEST PHOTOCOPY
STATIONARY
GENERAL TYPING
DOCUMENTATIONS
STUDENTS MATERIALS
COURIER SERVICES
OTHERS
PRICE LIST
NOTICE
GALLERY
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
ABOUT US
Fonet Stationary Center (FCI) is located at central location of Bharatpur, in front of Saptagandaki Campus. We are here to cater you all required services for Computer such as typing, printing, photocopy and other related tasks.
HISTORY
FCI was established in 2070 B.S.  We have earned trust of people from all Chitwan and neighbor for quality and quick service.
Fonet Stationary Center is Business Enterprise, is a registered and licensed business enterprise in the Business Service Centers that will operate a standard business services firm. Although our business services center will be based in Bharatpur, Chitwan and will be promote in other city, where we have been able to secure a standard office facility that is ideal for the kind of business we want to pursue.
MISSION
Our mission is to establish a standard business services center cum copy shop that will make available a wide range of services and products as it relates to the service offerings in the business center services industry at affordable prices to the customer and other locations
VISION
Our vision is to build a business services center cum copy shop that will have active presence all over major locations.
WIDGET
Facebook plugins/
DATE CONVERT/UNICODE TO PREETI AND PREETI TO UNICODE CONVERT
SERVICE
 
PHOTOCOPY CENTER
T-SHIRT PRINT
CUP/PLATE PRINT
PHOTO & STICKERS PRINT
FLEX PRINT
LAMINATION
VISITING CARD
PVC CARD
SELF STAMP
RIBBON BATCH
TOKEN OF LOVE
FOOTER
NAVIGATION 
Phone No:
Fax:
Email address: 
Address:
HOME
ABOUT US
Fonet Stationary Center (FCI) is located at central location of Bharatpur, in front of Saptagandaki Campus. We are here to cater you all required services for Computer such as typing, printing, photocopy and other related tasks.
HISTORY
FCI was established in 2070 B.S.  We have earned trust of people from all Chitwan and neighbor for quality and quick service.
Fonet Stationary Center is Business Enterprise, is a registered and licensed business enterprise in the Business Service Centers that will operate a standard business services firm. Although our business services center will be based in Bharatpur, Chitwan and will be promote in other city, where we have been able to secure a standard office facility that is ideal for the kind of business we want to pursue.
MISSION
Our mission is to establish a standard business services center cum copy shop that will make available a wide range of services and products as it relates to the service offerings in the business center services industry at affordable prices to the customer and other locations
VISION
Our vision is to build a business services center cum copy shop that will have active presence all over major locations.
LOCATION
MANAGEMENT TEAM
SHUBARNA NEUPANE
RANJANA POUDEL NEUPANE
Tapesh Mahato
SERVICES
THESIS TYPING
BEST PHOTOCOPY
STATIONARY
GENERAL TYPING
DOCUMENTATIONS
STUDENTS MATERIALS
OTHERS
Typing Services
Trying to find a way to type up a document can be difficult, and when you have no time and are facing a deadline you may seriously not know what to do. Typing services give you a way to get your typing done when you don’t have time to   yourself, but when you pick the wrong one it can be costly. Some writing services don’t emphasize quality, and you may get a document that is riddled with errors. That doesn’t happen when you come to our experts because our typist for hire makes sure that you always get a typed document you will be happy with. Our professionals don’t stop until you are satisfied!
With many experienced and qualified typists to choose from we are in a position to provide you with support across a wide range of different document types. Our experts are always carefully selected to match the type of documentation that you are looking for and will always have the required experience to provide you with excellent support. Our team is able to provide support with all of the following:
Academic Typing
Our specialists will not only be able to ensure that your typing is accurate they will be able to produce the work in the correct academic format and structure for the paper that you require. All typing is conducted by staff that qualifications in the field of your writing to ensure their understanding.
Manuscript Typing Services
We have many staff that specializes in the typing up of manuscripts from either voice recordings or handwritten notes. Work is done quickly and to a high standard of accuracy at all times.
Document Typing Services
Our typists are able to help with all forms of documents from business plans through to the creation of forms and templates for your business. All typing is done according to your own specific requirements at all times.
Retyping Services
Whether it a simple PDF or Excel file or a 100-page handwritten manuscript, our typists will make sure in the end you have a perfectly formatted and proofread document that fits all your requirements. No matter what niche it is, business or academic, we will find the person who is a perfect fit for your task.
Editing Services
Have some troubles polishing an already existing document? Our editors have your back! Being real experts in what they’re doing, be sure to get a document that is error-free and custom formatted.
THESIS TYPING SERVICES
When you need to type up a thesis, this can get complicated. Everything has to fall in place just right, the format has to be correct and there are many other details that can’t be missed either. If you are having trouble coming up with what you need to for your thesis paper, you can reach out for professional Fonet Stationary Center from our team. We know that these are difficult to type which is why we have professionals on hand who have typed many of them up before and we can do the same for you as well.
What Does the Thesis Typing Service Include?
When you order academic typing service for a thesis paper you need to write from our professionals, you are getting a high-quality service. Our team knows that this isn’t just some paper that needs to be typed, it is something much more serious. When ordering this service you will get high-quality results, additional research on demand, 99% accuracy, done within 12 hours if you need it that early and even affordable prices.
We know that you want your dissertation typing service to be flawless and that is what we offer for you. With our team, you won’t have to worry about typos because we have experts who make sure they edit and proofread your thesis as well.
Who Provides the Dissertation Transcription and Other Services?
As a team of experts, we provide dissertation and thesis transcription, typing, dissertation retyping their online typing services too. We have a professional dissertation and thesis typists and transcriptionists who understand the kind of terminology that is needed in these papers and they make sure to include everything that is needed. When you put in your order you will be assigned to a professional who:
Holds a degree in a relevant field
Is fluent in English
Knows all the requirements for formatting
Our dissertation and thesis experts have been typing up these kinds of papers for many years.
Why Should You Choose Our Team?
Writing a dissertation or thesis is not something that comes easy. If you want to make sure yours is done correctly and has all the expert information that you need, it is helpful to have a professional typist or transcriptionist type it up for you. Our team is filled with experts so you can offer:
Affordable prices for everyone
Friendly 24/7 support
Do you have a thesis that you need to write? Are you not sure you are qualified to get this done the way it needs to be done? If so, you can contact our typing thesis for students service or put an order in today and we will be glad to have one of our experts type you up a thesis that meets all the requirements, one that will help you advance to the next level.
RATE LIST FOR PRINTING MATERIALS
S.N
Service
Price
PRINT AND PHOTOCOPY SERVICES 
PRICE MAY BE CHANGE ACCORDING TO THEIR QUANTITY
1
STATIONARY SERVICES
2
TYPING/BINDING (SPIRAL+RING)
1
PHOTOCOPY
2
PRINT
3
PRINT BOTH SIDE
4
PRINT BOTH SIDE (0-200)
5
PRINT BOTH SIDE (200-500)
6
PRINT BOTH SIDE (500-1000)
7
PRINT BOTH SIDE (1000 -2000)
8
PRINT BOTH SIDE (2000 AND ABOVE)
9
PRINT SINGLE SIDE
10
PRINT SINGLE SIDE (0-200)
11
PRINT SINGLE SIDE (200-500)
12
PRINT SINGLE SIDE (500-1000)
13
PRINT SINGLE SIDE 1000 AND ABOVE)
OTHERS
1
SELF STAMP
2
PVC ID CARD SINGLE SIDE  (PRICE MAY BE CHANGE ACCORDING TO THEIR QUANTITY)
3
PVC ID CARD BOTH SIDE PRICE MAY BE CHANGE ACCORDING TO THEIR QUANTITY)
4
RIBBON BATCH
5
FLEX PRINT
6
LAMINATION
7
A3 PRINT/SCAN
8
CUP PRINT/T-SHIRT
9
T-SHIRT PRINT
10
TOKEN OF LOVE/BATCH/MEDAL
11
STICKER/PHOTO
12
COLOR LASER PRINT UPTO 12×18
13
MENU DESIGN
14
VISITING CARD
GALLERY
CONTACT US
FIRST NAME
LAST NAME
PHONE NO
EMAIL ADDRESS
FILE
MESSAGE
WHAT WE DO
ABOUT US
Fonet Stationary Center (FCI) is located at central location of Bharatpur, in front of Saptagandaki Campus. We are here to cater you all required services for Computer such as typing, printing, photocopy and other related tasks.
FCI was established in 2070. We have earned trust of people from all Chitwan and neighbor for quality and quick service.
Fonet Stationary Center is Business Enterprise, is a registered and licensed business enterprise in the Business Service Centers that will operate a standard business services firm. Although our business services center will be based in Bharatpur, Chitwan and will be promote in other city, where we have been able to secure a standard office facility that is ideal for the kind of business we want to pursue.
Mission
Our mission is to establish a standard business services center cum copy shop that will make available a wide range of services and products as it relates to the service offerings in the business center services industry at affordable prices to the customer and other locations
Vision
Our vision is to build a business services center cum copy shop that will have active presence all over major locations.
Services
What we can help with? The list of the services that we offer includes
General typing
Manuscripts
Books/ E-Books Typing
Employee/ Safety Manuals
Stories and Screenplays
Handwritten Documents
Web Content
Form Creation & Fillable Forms (.pdf)
Mailing/ Address Labels
Equation
Medical Prescriptions
Application Form
Legal documents
General Correspondence
Interrogatories
Briefs
Pleadings
Estate Planning
Small Claims
Deeds
Health Care Directives
Business and financial documents
Contracts and Agreements
Company Brochures
Mailing List Research/ Creation
Excel Spreadsheets
PowerPoint Presentations
Business Magazines
Internal Documents
Real Estate Contracts
Financial Statements
Research Statistics
Employee Handbooks
Leases
Certificates
Reports
Students
Term Papers
Thesis Papers
Literature Review
Class Notes
Essay
Dissertations
Assignments
Coursework
Thesis Proposal
Research Proposal
NAME OF BUSINESS: FONET STATIONARY CENTER
TABLE OF CONTENT
 
Business Overview14
Photocopy Shop Business Plan – SWOT Analysis15
Strength:16
Weakness:16
Opportunities:16
Threat:17
Our Target Market17
Our Pricing Strategy17
Payment Options18
Our Products Offering19
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY20
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES21
VISION STATEMENT21
MISSION STATEMENT21
BUSINESS STRUCTURE21
MARKET ANALYSIS22
PUBLICITY22
SOURCE OF CAPITAL22
CONCLUSION22
Business Overview
Fonet Stationary Center (FCI) is located at central location of Bharatpur, in front of Saptagandaki Campus. We are here to cater you all required services for Computer such as typing, printing, photocopy and other related tasks.
FCI was established in 2070. We have earned trust of people from all Chitwan and neighbor for quality and quick service.
Fonet Stationary Center is Business Enterprise, is a registered and licensed business enterprise in the Business Service Centers that will operate a standard business services firm. Although our business services center will be based in Bharatpur, Chitwan and will be promote in other city, where we have been able to secure a standard office facility that is ideal for the kind of business we want to pursue.
A business center cum photocopy shop is a business that handles business related services such as typing documents, printing documents, laminating documents, scanning documents, photocopying documents, fax and telephone services et al. It is a business that any serious minded aspiring entrepreneur with little schooling can successfully handle.
In recent time, businesses that operate a conventional business center cum photocopying / copy shops / copy center usually aspire to grow big and offer other comprehensive services that revolve around business related services which is why they are called business services centers. It is a business that offer premium services such as copying and reproduction services, postal and shipping services and mailbox rentals, printing services and packaging and labeling services
The Business Service Centers Industry provides mailbox rental and other postal and mailing services (except direct-mail advertising). Establishments that provide these mailing services along with one or more other office support services, such as facsimile services, word-processing services, on-site PC rental services and office product sales, are included in the industry. It is important to state that business centers which is generally known as copy centers or copy shops are also part and parcel of this industry.
The Business Service Centers Industry is indeed a thriving industry and pretty much active in all the parts of the world as long as business services and education related services are conducted. Statistics has it that in the United States of America alone, there are about 23,213registered and licensed business services centers responsible for employing about 80,473and the industry rakes in a whooping sum of $9billion annually.
The industry is projected to enjoy 1.2 percent annual growth. Although there are no market leader in the copy center or copy shop category, but when it comes to the overall business services centers industry, companies such as FedEx Corporations and United Parcel Services are indeed the market leaders not just in the United States of America, but also on the global stage.
Any aspiring entrepreneur that is considering starting this type of business whether on a small scale or in a large scale should ensure that he or she conducts thorough market survey and feasibility studies so as to get it right. The truth is that, this type of business do pretty well when it is strategically positioned. Places like campus, school board / districts, passport office, immigrations centers, licensing offices and recruiting centers are ideal for this type of business.
Over and above, the Business Service Centers Industry is a profitable industry and it is open for any aspiring entrepreneur to come in and establish his or her business; you can chose to start on a small scale in one or two public facilities or if you have the capital and business exposure, then you can chose to start on a large scale with several outlets in key cities.
Photocopy Shop Business Plan – SWOT Analysis
Our intention of starting our business services center business in strategic location in Lasing – Michigan is to test run the business for a period of 3 to 6 months to know if we will invest more money, expand the business and then install 25 more copy shops first all – around key locations in Lansing before spreading to key cities in the state of Michigan.
We are quite aware that there are several copy shop businesses all over Michigan and even in the same locations where we intend installing ours, which is why we are following the due process of establishing a business. We know that if a proper SWOT analysis is conducted for our business, we will be able to position our business to maximize our strength, leverage on the opportunities that will be available to us, mitigate our risks and be well – equipped to confront our threats.
  Fonet Stationary Center. employed the services of an expert HR and Business Analyst with bias in start – ups to help us conduct a thorough SWOT analysis and to help us create a business model that will help us achieve our business goals and objectives.
This is the summary of the SWOT analysis that was conducted for   Fonet Stationary Center.;
Strength:
The strategic locations we intend installing our kiosk – like copy shops, the business model we will be operating on, ease of payment, wide range of services and our excellent customer service culture will definitely count as a strong strength for   Fonet Stationary Center. So also we have a team that can go all the way to give our clients value for their money; a team that are trained and equipped to pay attention to details and deliver jobs on time.
Weakness:
A major weakness that may count against us is the fact that we are a new business services center and we don’t have the financial capacity to compete with multi – million dollars companies such as Fed Ex Corporation and United Parcel Services who are key establishments in this industry.
Opportunities:
The fact that we are going to install our kiosk like copy centers in some of the busiest locations  all around the state of Michigan provides us with unlimited opportunities to sell our products and services to a large number of people. We have been able to conduct thorough feasibility studies and market survey and we know what our potential clients will be looking for when they visit our kiosk like copy center locations; we are well positioned to take on the opportunities that will come our way.
Threat:
Just like any other business, one of the major threats that we are likely going to face is economic downturn. It is a fact that economic downturn affects purchasing / spending power. Another threat that may likely confront us is the arrival of a business services center or copy shop in same location where ours is located. Unfavorable government policies can also pose a threat to businesses such as ours.
Our Target Market
The target market for those who need the services and products of business services centers are all encompassing. It is fact that almost all adults would have one or two reasons why they should patronize the services of business services centers.
In view of that, we have positioned our kiosk like copy shops in strategic locations to service the residence and visitors in Lansing and other towns in the state of Michigan. We have conducted our market research and we have ideas of what our target market would be expecting from us.
We are in the business center services to attract the following clients;
Applicants
Corporate Executives
Business People
Sports Men and Women
Students
Children
Adults
Tourists
Our Pricing Strategy
Pricing is one of the key factors that give leverage to business centers cum copy shops, it is normal for consumers to go to places where they can get good deals. We are aware of this trend which is why we have put structures in place that will enable us charge fees that are a little bit below the industry’s average.
We will ensure that we reduce our overhead, and we are ready to run on low profit margin for the first six months of launching the business just for the purpose of attracting loyal clients and build our clientele base.
PRINTING AND PHOTOCOPYING
Black & White
Quantity
Single sided
Double sided
A4
A3
A4
A3
1-99
DEPENDS BASE ON VOLUME
100-250
251-500
501-1000
1000+
Full color
Color print depents up on the print quality, paper quality and size of the book.
Printer Services Center
We have wide range of photocopy
Payment Options
The payment policy adopted by   Fonet Stationary Center. is all inclusive because we are quite aware that different customers prefer different payment options as it suits them but at the same time, we will ensure that we abide by the financial rules and regulation of the United States of America.
Here are the payment options that   Fonet Stationary Center. will make available to her clients;
Payment via bank transfer
Payment with cash
Payment via online bank transfer
Payment via check
Payment via bank draft
Payment via mobile money
In view of the above, we have chosen banking platforms that will enable our client make payment for farm produces purchase without any stress on their part. Our bank account numbers will be made available on our website and promotional materials to clients who may want to deposit cash or make online transfer for our services and products.
Our Products Offering
  Fonet Stationary Center. is in the business center services industry for the purpose of making profits and we will ensure we go all the way position our business center cum copy shops in key locations all around the state of Michigan. We are going to do all that is permitted by the laws in the United States of America to achieve our business goals.
Here are some of the products and services that will be available in our business services center cum copy shop locations;
Typing documents, printing documents, laminating documents, scanning documents, photocopying documents, fax and telephone services et al.
Private mailbox rental services
Private mailbox rental services combined with one or more other office support services
Private parcel mailing services combined with one or more other office support services
Blueprinting services
Business services centers
Providing a range of office support services
Reprographic services
Sale of greeting cards, postal cards and call cards
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
FONET STATIONARY CENTER is a registered Stationary Center in the business servicing that will run a standard firm.
We have been able to secure an office in Bharatpur Metropolitan City Ward No.10, Saptagandaki Chowk, Chitwan, Nepal which will serve as our business base and we have plans to grow our business and spread it by having many more stores scattered all around Chitwan District. We will target key areas in the state that have establishments like School, College, Consultancy, Government Organization, Ngo/INGOs, immigration centers, and others that complement the services we offer.
At FONET STATIONARY CENTER, we will be handling all kinds of business services like typing of documents, the printing of documents, laminating, photocopying, scanning, and any other business support service our customers ask for. 
FONET STATIONARY CENTER is already aware that there are several business support centers already in Chitwan District, and this is the reason behind the extensive feasibility studies we carried out to make sure that we stand out with the quality services and lower rates we will offer to the customers. We will also have a customer service that is second to none throughout and take extra measures to ensure that those who patronize us have the best when they use any of our services.
FONET STATIONARY CENTER is a firm. The business is governed by the founder and close members of the family. The manager of FONET STATIONARY CENTER will be Shubarna Neupane who studied business management and has ample experience in running a business. With his expertise, we see FONET STATIONARY CENTER going places, even beyond the shores of Chitwan district and other area.
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Our firm will offer the following products and services to customers;
Typing, printing, laminating, scanning and photocopying of documents
Reprographic services
Upto A0 black and White copying
Book binding
Cutting
Stationary Items
Faxing services
Wide range of office support services
VISION STATEMENT
Our vision is to establish A class business service centers and photocopy shops in Chitwan.
MISSION STATEMENT
Our mission is to build our photocopy shops and business centers to satisfy the needs of the residents of Chitwan, Pokhara, Nawalpur and wherever our shops are located.
BUSINESS STRUCTURE
We have taken all the measures necessary to ensure that FONET STATIONARY CENTER has a standard structure full of competent and honest workers. FONET STATIONARY CENTER will have a structure that looks like this;
Chief executive officer/owner of the business
Marketing and sales manager
Operators of the business centers
Accountant
Delivery services
MARKET ANALYSIS
Our firm will target customers from establishments complementing ours. We will place our kiosks close to them and seek customers from there.
PUBLICITY
We know that the best form of advertising is a satisfied customer and will focus on that. We will also use social media and billboards to publicize our services.
SOURCE OF CAPITAL
The founder of FONET STATIONARY CENTER will be the sole financier of the business; he will also get extra funds via loans from the bank.
CONCLUSION
FONET STATIONARY CENTER will operate as a family business from Chitwan. The growth of this business will provide job opportunities for young people in Chitwan, Pokhara, Nawalpur and chosen home states where kiosks will be located.
We are committed to doing all that is permitted by the laws of the United States to achieve our goal.
Sincerely,
Shubarna Neupane, 
Managing Director
Fonet Stationary Center, (FCI) 
Bharatpur Metropolitan City, Chitwan 
Tel: +977-056-526307 
Mobile: 9845220077| Fax: +977-056-526307 
Email: fcichitwan@gmail.com, fcichitwan@fcichitwan.com
Website: www.fcichitwan.com